bmvc.md, before:

---
layout: default_sparse
title: The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC)
permalink: /bmvc
---

## The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC)

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<h2>BMVC and September Event Announcement</h2>

<p><strong>
    We thank the community for their patience this year as we continue to negotiate this difficult time and the uncertainty over organising events. We have made the difficult decision that it will not be possible to hold an in-person conference with the international attendance that BMVC is fortunate to attract. For this reason, BMVC 2021 will be held as a virtual conference with a slightly delayed timeline as presented below.
</strong></p>

<p><strong>
    We are also excited to announce that we will be making use of the September booking in Manchester to host a "BMVA September Event" which will be an in-person meeting open to all computer vision researchers. We take inspiration from our technical meetings and the recent successes of community events such as "unconferences". Please see <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/meetings/21-09-06-september-event">BMVA September Event</a> for further details.
</strong></p>

</div>

### BMVC 2021

[BMVC 2021](http://www.bmvc2021.com/) will be held virtually as an online conference on 22nd — 25th November 2021. The main conference website will appear shortly including a full timeline and submission details for authors.

<!--Please see the main conference site at: [http://www.bmvc2020.com/](http://www.bmvc2020.com/).-->

<div class="row justify-content-md-center pb-2 ml-3 mr-3">
    <div class="col-12 col-md-8 col-lg-6">
        <a href="http://www.bmvc2021.com/">
            <picture>
                <img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/events/bmvc-2021-logo.png" class="img-fluid rounded mx-auto d-block"  alt="BMVC 2021 Logo">
            </picture>
        </a>
    </div>
</div>

### Programme Committee

We are very pleased to announce the kind volunteers who will run the programme committee for BMVC 2021:
Tu Bui,
Karteek Alahari,
Stuart James,
Stefan Leutenegger,
Laura Sevilla, and
Yi-Zhe Song.

### Timeline

<!--<p align="center"><strong>Please note all deadlines are at 23:59 PT.</strong></p>-->

<div class="row pl-4 pr-4 pt-2 pb-2">
<table style="width:100%;" class="table">
<colgroup>
<col width="30%" />
<col width="30%" />
</colgroup>
<thead class="thead-dark">
<tr class="header sticky-top" style="top: 56px;">
<th scope="col" align="center">Deadline</th>
<th scope="col" align="center">Date</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Paper Abstracts</td>
<td align="left">Friday 18th June</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Paper Submission</td>
<td align="left">Friday 25th June</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Conference</td>
<td align="left">22nd - 25th November</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>


<!--background-color: #0000006F; "-->
<!--
<div class="row pb-2" id="">
    <div class="text-center mx-auto" style="position: relative;">
        <img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/events/bmvc2020-banner.png" alt="" class="img-fluid rounded mx-auto d-block">
        <div style="position: absolute; top: 30%; left: 0; width: 100%;">
            <a href="http://www.bmvc2020.com/"><img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/events/bmvc2020.png" class="pb-3 pt-3 img-fluid rounded mx-auto d-block" style="max-width: 450px;" alt="BMVC 2020 Logo"></a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
-->

<!--

### Timeline

<p align="center"><strong>Please note all deadlines are at 23:59 PT.</strong></p>

<div class="row pl-4 pr-4 pt-2 pb-2">
<table style="width:100%;" class="table">
<colgroup>
<col width="30%" />
<col width="30%" />
</colgroup>
<thead class="thead-dark">
<tr class="header sticky-top" style="top: 56px;">
<th scope="col" align="center">Deadline</th>
<th scope="col" align="center">Date</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Paper Abstracts</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 23rd April</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Paper Submission</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 30th April</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Reviews Submitted</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 18th June</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Author Rebuttals Submitted</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 2nd July</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Area Chair Decisions</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 23rd July</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Author Notifications</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 27th July</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Camera Ready Submission</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 13th August</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Conference</td>
<td align="left">7th - 11th September</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>

-->

<!--

### FAQ

<div class="row pl-4 pr-4 pt-2 pb-2">
<table class="table table-striped table-bordered">
  <tbody>
    <tr><th scope="row">Is BMVC 2020 still on?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>Yes. BMVC is in mid September and we can expect a lot of news between now and then.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">Will the paper submission deadline or other main conference deadlines be extended because of COVID-19?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>We have no plan to extend the deadline.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">Will all authors on a paper need to make themselves available as reviewers?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>Our expectation is that the majority of authors should make themselves available as reviewers. At the time of abstract submission on CMT (a week before the paper deadline) the author list should be entered on CMT and an option will be available for authors to indicate which authors will be able to review - requests for certain authors to not be considered as reviewers can also be entered with a suitable justification. For example, junior researchers (e.g. early PhD and below) or authors who are not computer vision researchers (e.g. providing domain expertise for experiments) would be considered reasonable justification.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">How will presentations be handled for authors that cannot get a travel visa or for which there is a COVID-19 travel ban?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>No author will be disadvantaged due to restrictions on travel. Accepted papers will still be published subject to authors satisfying registration and presentation requirements. We are investigating options, e.g. remote presentations, and will provide more information in the coming months.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">Will there be support for remote attendance/registration?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>Remote attendance options are currently being explored and updates will be posted on the website when we have them.</td></tr>

  </tbody>
</table>
</div>


### Call for Papers

The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC) is one of the major international conferences on computer vision and related areas. It is organised by the British Machine Vision Association (BMVA). The 31st BMVC will be held in Manchester, 7th—11th Sept 2020.

Authors are invited to submit full-length high-quality papers in image processing, machine vision, and related areas for 2020 British Machine Vision Conference. Submitted papers will be refereed on their originality, presentation, empirical results, and quality of evaluation.

All papers will be reviewed doubly blind, normally by three members of our international programme committee. Please note that BMVC is a single track meeting with oral and poster presentations and will include three keynote presentations and two tutorials.

**Please Note**: In keeping with conferences in the field (e.g. [NeurIPS](https://medium.com/@NeurIPSConf/getting-started-with-neurips-2020-e350f9b39c28)) and to cope with the increasing number of submissions, we ask that all authors be prepared to review papers and make use of a compulsory abstract submission deadline a week before the paper submission deadline. The CMT submission site will ask authors to acknowledge this commitment and failure to engage with the reviewing process might be grounds for rejection.

Topics include, but are not limited to:

-  Statistics and machine learning for vision
-  Stereo, calibration, geometric modelling and processing
-  Face and gesture recognition
-  Early and biologically inspired vision
-  Motion, flow and tracking
-  Segmentation and grouping
-  Model-based vision
-  Image processing techniques and methods
-  Texture, shape and colour
-  Video analysis
-  Document processing and recognition
-  Vision for quality assurance, medical diagnosis, etc.
-  Vision for visualisation, interaction, and graphics
-  Object detection and recognition
-  Shape-from-X
-  Video analysis for action and event recognition
-  Illumination and reflectance
-  Deep learning for vision
-  3D computer vision
-  RGBD analysis

Accepted papers will be included the conference proceedings published and DOI indexed by BMVA. Past proceedings can be found online [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/bmvc). Prospective authors can have a look at the [2019 edition](https://bmvc2019.org/programme/), as an example.

The abstract deadline is Thursday 23rd April 2020 and the paper submission deadline is Thursday 30th April 2020 (both 23:59, Pacific Time). 

Selected best papers are invited to a special issue of the International Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV) for BMVC 2020 Best Papers.

Any queries to the Programme Chairs should be sent to [bmvc-2020-pc@lists.bath.ac.uk](mailto:bmvc-2020-pc@lists.bath.ac.uk).

The BMVC 2020 Programme Chairs are:
- Neill Campbell (University of Bath)
- Lourdes Agapito (University College London)
- William Smith (University of York)
- Martin Fergie (University of Manchester)
- Moi Hoon Yap (Manchester Metropolitan University)
- Oisin Mac Aodha (University of Edinburgh)

A PDF version of this call for papers may be downloaded [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/events/bmvc2020cfp.pdf).

-->


### Proposals to Host a Future BMVC

If you would like to host BMVC, proposals are solicited in June of each year for the BMVC two years later. Please contact the [Chair](mailto:chair@bmva.org) for further details.

### Previous Conferences

The [statistics of previous BMVCs]({{ site.baseurl }}/bmvc/statistics) may be of interest.


The BMVC proceedings style files are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/BritishMachineVisionAssociation/BMVCTemplate).

The online proceedings for past conferences are available:

<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.bmvc2020-conference.com/">BMVC 2020</a>, (Virtual)</li>    
<li><a href="https://bmvc2019.org/">BMVC 2019</a>, Cardiff</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2018/index.html">BMVC 2018</a>, Northumbria</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2017/index.html">BMVC 2017</a>, London</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2016/index.html">BMVC 2016</a>, York</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2015/index.html">BMVC 2015</a>, Swansea</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2014/index.html">BMVC 2014</a>, Nottingham</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2013/index.html">BMVC 2013</a>, Bristol</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2012/index.html">BMVC 2012</a>, Surrey</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2011/index.html">BMVC 2011</a>, Dundee</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2010/index.html">BMVC 2010</a>, Aberystwyth</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2009/index.html">BMVC 2009</a>, London</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2008/index.html">BMVC 2008</a>, Leeds</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2007/index.html">BMVC 2007</a>, Warwick</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2006/index.html">BMVC 2006</a>, Edinburgh</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2005/index.html">BMVC 2005</a>, Oxford</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2004/index.html">BMVC 2004</a>, Kingston</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2003/index.html">BMVC 2003</a>, Norwich</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2002/index.html">BMVC 2002</a>, Cardiff</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2001/index.html">BMVC 2001</a>, Manchester</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2000/index.html">BMVC 2000</a>, Bristol</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1999/index.html">BMVC 1999</a>, Nottingham</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1998/index.html">BMVC 1998</a>, Southampton</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1997/index.html">BMVC 1997</a>, Essex</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1996/index.html">BMVC 1996</a>, Edinburgh</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1995/index.html">BMVC 1995</a>, Birmingham</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1994/index.html">BMVC 1994</a>, York</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1993/index.html">BMVC 1993</a>, Surrey</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1992/index.html">BMVC 1992</a>, Leeds</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1991/index.html">BMVC 1991</a>, Glasgow</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1990/index.html">BMVC 1990</a>, Oxford</li>
</ul>

Proceedings for the BMVC's immediate predecessor, the Alvey Vision Conference, are also available:

<ul>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1989/index.html">AVC 1989</a>, Reading</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1988/index.html">AVC 1988</a>, Manchester</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1987/index.html">AVC 1987</a>, Cambridge</li>
</ul>

### Copyright

Please note that copyright in BMVC papers is held by the authors in every instance. The BMVA, as publisher of the proceedings, holds copyright over the collection, but the authors may make any use of papers they have authored including making an exact copy available on their own or other websites.

Commit message:

Added BMVC PC email address.

bmvc.md, after:

---
layout: default_sparse
title: The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC)
permalink: /bmvc
---

## The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC)

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<h2>BMVC and September Event Announcement</h2>

<p><strong>
    We thank the community for their patience this year as we continue to negotiate this difficult time and the uncertainty over organising events. We have made the difficult decision that it will not be possible to hold an in-person conference with the international attendance that BMVC is fortunate to attract. For this reason, BMVC 2021 will be held as a virtual conference with a slightly delayed timeline as presented below.
</strong></p>

<p><strong>
    We are also excited to announce that we will be making use of the September booking in Manchester to host a "BMVA September Event" which will be an in-person meeting open to all computer vision researchers. We take inspiration from our technical meetings and the recent successes of community events such as "unconferences". Please see <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/meetings/21-09-06-september-event">BMVA September Event</a> for further details.
</strong></p>

</div>

### BMVC 2021

[BMVC 2021](http://www.bmvc2021.com/) will be held virtually as an online conference on 22nd — 25th November 2021. The main conference website will appear shortly including a full timeline and submission details for authors.

<!--Please see the main conference site at: [http://www.bmvc2020.com/](http://www.bmvc2020.com/).-->

<div class="row justify-content-md-center pb-2 ml-3 mr-3">
    <div class="col-12 col-md-8 col-lg-6">
        <a href="http://www.bmvc2021.com/">
            <picture>
                <img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/events/bmvc-2021-logo.png" class="img-fluid rounded mx-auto d-block"  alt="BMVC 2021 Logo">
            </picture>
        </a>
    </div>
</div>

### Programme Committee

We are very pleased to announce the kind volunteers who will run the programme committee for BMVC 2021:
Tu Bui,
Karteek Alahari,
Stuart James,
Stefan Leutenegger,
Laura Sevilla, and
Yi-Zhe Song.

To contact the programme committee, please use the email address: <a href="mailto:bmvc2021_pcs@googlegroups.com">bmvc2021_pcs@googlegroups.com</a>.

### Timeline

<!--<p align="center"><strong>Please note all deadlines are at 23:59 PT.</strong></p>-->

<div class="row pl-4 pr-4 pt-2 pb-2">
<table style="width:100%;" class="table">
<colgroup>
<col width="30%" />
<col width="30%" />
</colgroup>
<thead class="thead-dark">
<tr class="header sticky-top" style="top: 56px;">
<th scope="col" align="center">Deadline</th>
<th scope="col" align="center">Date</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Paper Abstracts</td>
<td align="left">Friday 18th June</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Paper Submission</td>
<td align="left">Friday 25th June</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Conference</td>
<td align="left">22nd - 25th November</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>


<!--background-color: #0000006F; "-->
<!--
<div class="row pb-2" id="">
    <div class="text-center mx-auto" style="position: relative;">
        <img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/events/bmvc2020-banner.png" alt="" class="img-fluid rounded mx-auto d-block">
        <div style="position: absolute; top: 30%; left: 0; width: 100%;">
            <a href="http://www.bmvc2020.com/"><img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/events/bmvc2020.png" class="pb-3 pt-3 img-fluid rounded mx-auto d-block" style="max-width: 450px;" alt="BMVC 2020 Logo"></a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
-->

<!--

### Timeline

<p align="center"><strong>Please note all deadlines are at 23:59 PT.</strong></p>

<div class="row pl-4 pr-4 pt-2 pb-2">
<table style="width:100%;" class="table">
<colgroup>
<col width="30%" />
<col width="30%" />
</colgroup>
<thead class="thead-dark">
<tr class="header sticky-top" style="top: 56px;">
<th scope="col" align="center">Deadline</th>
<th scope="col" align="center">Date</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Paper Abstracts</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 23rd April</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Paper Submission</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 30th April</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Reviews Submitted</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 18th June</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Author Rebuttals Submitted</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 2nd July</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Area Chair Decisions</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 23rd July</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Author Notifications</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 27th July</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td align="left">Camera Ready Submission</td>
<td align="left">Thursday 13th August</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td align="left">Conference</td>
<td align="left">7th - 11th September</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</div>

-->

<!--

### FAQ

<div class="row pl-4 pr-4 pt-2 pb-2">
<table class="table table-striped table-bordered">
  <tbody>
    <tr><th scope="row">Is BMVC 2020 still on?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>Yes. BMVC is in mid September and we can expect a lot of news between now and then.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">Will the paper submission deadline or other main conference deadlines be extended because of COVID-19?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>We have no plan to extend the deadline.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">Will all authors on a paper need to make themselves available as reviewers?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>Our expectation is that the majority of authors should make themselves available as reviewers. At the time of abstract submission on CMT (a week before the paper deadline) the author list should be entered on CMT and an option will be available for authors to indicate which authors will be able to review - requests for certain authors to not be considered as reviewers can also be entered with a suitable justification. For example, junior researchers (e.g. early PhD and below) or authors who are not computer vision researchers (e.g. providing domain expertise for experiments) would be considered reasonable justification.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">How will presentations be handled for authors that cannot get a travel visa or for which there is a COVID-19 travel ban?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>No author will be disadvantaged due to restrictions on travel. Accepted papers will still be published subject to authors satisfying registration and presentation requirements. We are investigating options, e.g. remote presentations, and will provide more information in the coming months.</td></tr>

    <tr><th scope="row">Will there be support for remote attendance/registration?</th></tr>
    <tr><td>Remote attendance options are currently being explored and updates will be posted on the website when we have them.</td></tr>

  </tbody>
</table>
</div>


### Call for Papers

The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC) is one of the major international conferences on computer vision and related areas. It is organised by the British Machine Vision Association (BMVA). The 31st BMVC will be held in Manchester, 7th—11th Sept 2020.

Authors are invited to submit full-length high-quality papers in image processing, machine vision, and related areas for 2020 British Machine Vision Conference. Submitted papers will be refereed on their originality, presentation, empirical results, and quality of evaluation.

All papers will be reviewed doubly blind, normally by three members of our international programme committee. Please note that BMVC is a single track meeting with oral and poster presentations and will include three keynote presentations and two tutorials.

**Please Note**: In keeping with conferences in the field (e.g. [NeurIPS](https://medium.com/@NeurIPSConf/getting-started-with-neurips-2020-e350f9b39c28)) and to cope with the increasing number of submissions, we ask that all authors be prepared to review papers and make use of a compulsory abstract submission deadline a week before the paper submission deadline. The CMT submission site will ask authors to acknowledge this commitment and failure to engage with the reviewing process might be grounds for rejection.

Topics include, but are not limited to:

-  Statistics and machine learning for vision
-  Stereo, calibration, geometric modelling and processing
-  Face and gesture recognition
-  Early and biologically inspired vision
-  Motion, flow and tracking
-  Segmentation and grouping
-  Model-based vision
-  Image processing techniques and methods
-  Texture, shape and colour
-  Video analysis
-  Document processing and recognition
-  Vision for quality assurance, medical diagnosis, etc.
-  Vision for visualisation, interaction, and graphics
-  Object detection and recognition
-  Shape-from-X
-  Video analysis for action and event recognition
-  Illumination and reflectance
-  Deep learning for vision
-  3D computer vision
-  RGBD analysis

Accepted papers will be included the conference proceedings published and DOI indexed by BMVA. Past proceedings can be found online [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/bmvc). Prospective authors can have a look at the [2019 edition](https://bmvc2019.org/programme/), as an example.

The abstract deadline is Thursday 23rd April 2020 and the paper submission deadline is Thursday 30th April 2020 (both 23:59, Pacific Time). 

Selected best papers are invited to a special issue of the International Journal of Computer Vision (IJCV) for BMVC 2020 Best Papers.

Any queries to the Programme Chairs should be sent to [bmvc-2020-pc@lists.bath.ac.uk](mailto:bmvc-2020-pc@lists.bath.ac.uk).

The BMVC 2020 Programme Chairs are:
- Neill Campbell (University of Bath)
- Lourdes Agapito (University College London)
- William Smith (University of York)
- Martin Fergie (University of Manchester)
- Moi Hoon Yap (Manchester Metropolitan University)
- Oisin Mac Aodha (University of Edinburgh)

A PDF version of this call for papers may be downloaded [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/events/bmvc2020cfp.pdf).

-->


### Proposals to Host a Future BMVC

If you would like to host BMVC, proposals are solicited in June of each year for the BMVC two years later. Please contact the [Chair](mailto:chair@bmva.org) for further details.

### Previous Conferences

The [statistics of previous BMVCs]({{ site.baseurl }}/bmvc/statistics) may be of interest.


The BMVC proceedings style files are available on [GitHub](https://github.com/BritishMachineVisionAssociation/BMVCTemplate).

The online proceedings for past conferences are available:

<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.bmvc2020-conference.com/">BMVC 2020</a>, (Virtual)</li>    
<li><a href="https://bmvc2019.org/">BMVC 2019</a>, Cardiff</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2018/index.html">BMVC 2018</a>, Northumbria</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2017/index.html">BMVC 2017</a>, London</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2016/index.html">BMVC 2016</a>, York</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2015/index.html">BMVC 2015</a>, Swansea</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2014/index.html">BMVC 2014</a>, Nottingham</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2013/index.html">BMVC 2013</a>, Bristol</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2012/index.html">BMVC 2012</a>, Surrey</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2011/index.html">BMVC 2011</a>, Dundee</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2010/index.html">BMVC 2010</a>, Aberystwyth</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2009/index.html">BMVC 2009</a>, London</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2008/index.html">BMVC 2008</a>, Leeds</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2007/index.html">BMVC 2007</a>, Warwick</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2006/index.html">BMVC 2006</a>, Edinburgh</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2005/index.html">BMVC 2005</a>, Oxford</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2004/index.html">BMVC 2004</a>, Kingston</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2003/index.html">BMVC 2003</a>, Norwich</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2002/index.html">BMVC 2002</a>, Cardiff</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2001/index.html">BMVC 2001</a>, Manchester</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/2000/index.html">BMVC 2000</a>, Bristol</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1999/index.html">BMVC 1999</a>, Nottingham</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1998/index.html">BMVC 1998</a>, Southampton</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1997/index.html">BMVC 1997</a>, Essex</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1996/index.html">BMVC 1996</a>, Edinburgh</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1995/index.html">BMVC 1995</a>, Birmingham</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1994/index.html">BMVC 1994</a>, York</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1993/index.html">BMVC 1993</a>, Surrey</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1992/index.html">BMVC 1992</a>, Leeds</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1991/index.html">BMVC 1991</a>, Glasgow</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1990/index.html">BMVC 1990</a>, Oxford</li>
</ul>

Proceedings for the BMVC's immediate predecessor, the Alvey Vision Conference, are also available:

<ul>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1989/index.html">AVC 1989</a>, Reading</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1988/index.html">AVC 1988</a>, Manchester</li>
<li><a href="http://www.bmva.org/bmvc/1987/index.html">AVC 1987</a>, Cambridge</li>
</ul>

### Copyright

Please note that copyright in BMVC papers is held by the authors in every instance. The BMVA, as publisher of the proceedings, holds copyright over the collection, but the authors may make any use of papers they have authored including making an exact copy available on their own or other websites.
