meetings/22-04-04-April-Event.md, before:

---
layout: special-event
type: BMVA April Event
title: BMVA April Event (4-6 April 2022)
index: 0
date: 2022-04-04
dates: Manchester, 4th - 6th April 2022
meeting-title: BMVA April Event
image: 21-09-06-september-event.png
organisers: Neill Campbell, Andrew Gilbert
---

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-success" style="text-align:center;">
    <span><strong>Registration now open!</strong></span>
        &nbsp;&nbsp;<span>
        <a class="btn btn-success mt-1 mb-1" role="button" href="#attending">Go to Registration</a></span>
        &nbsp;&nbsp;<span>
        <a class="btn btn-success mt-1 mb-1" role="button" href="#accommodation">Accommodation Information</a></span>
</div>


<p>
    We are excited to announce that we will be hosting an in-person meeting in Manchester in April open to all computer vision researchers. 

    After a difficult period of exclusively online events, we hope that this will serve as a welcome opportunity for researchers from academia and industry and all levels of seniority to meet to discuss research.

    The form of this meeting will be a departure from previous events but is perhaps closest in ethos to a multi-day workshop taking the form of a greatly expanded technical meeting, and inspiration from the recent successes of community focused events such as "unconferences".

    All participants will receive space for a poster, and there will be a variety of additional timetabled sessions. We intend to keep the cost of attending as low as possible and make sure there are no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending. Please see below.
</p>

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-danger">
<h2 style="text-align:center;">Announcement: Event to go ahead: 4th-6th April 2022</h2>
<p>
    The BMVA is pleased to announce that the April special event will be going ahead as planned. While the risk of covid has not gone away, postponing the event again was not possible, and our options were either to continue or cancel. As well as following all government guidelines, we will decide on any further covid-mitigation strategies (masks, LF testing etc.) nearer to the date. However, to begin with, we will be limiting the scale of the event to ensure that social distancing can be observed. The last two years have been hard for our community, and while virtual events have allowed our research to have an outlet, the networking and discussions that happen at in person events have been sorely missed.  
</p>
</div>



### Format

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-warning" style="">
    <span><strong>Research Focus:</strong> We strongly encourage all attendees to submit a short 1 page abstract of work they would like to present at the event, and all attendees will be given space for a poster. Whilst the abstracts will be checked for topic and relevance, there is no formal peer-review process, and there will be <strong>no formal proceedings published</strong>. There will be <strong>no restrictions from the BMVA on dual-submission</strong> and attendees are free to choose whether they would like to present previous work (e.g. already published), current work in progress, or just new ideas that they wish to discuss or receive feedback on.</span>
</div>

The main focus of the meeting will be the poster sessions from the attendees to provide a forum for all researchers to meet and discuss ideas.

The current proposal also includes the following in the timetable over the three days of the meeting:

- **Doctoral Consortium**: A session for PhD students who have recently graduated or are near graduation to present their thesis research to interested members of the academic and industrial research community.
- **Invited Keynotes**: We will have some invited keynote speakers from academia and industry as well as from recently appointed BMVA Distinguished Fellows.
- **The 'Missing Oral' Sessions**: Many researchers missed out on presenting interesting work in person due to the need for virtual conferences. We will organise sessions to allow researchers who received an oral presentation at one of the conferences that became virtual during the pandemic to apply to give their presentation.
- **Early Career Researcher Networking Session**: A session for recently appointed faculty to meet and present their research topics as well as receive guidance from senior researchers.
- **Industry Sessions**: Industrial research groups will be able to host individual and joint sessions.

We welcome both suggestions for additional items for the timetable and volunteers who would like to be involved in the organisation and running of any aspect of the event.

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-warning" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please get in contact with suggestions or to volunteer: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="mailto:bmva-september-event@googlegroups.com">Contact the Organisers!</a></strong></span>
</div>


### Sponsorship

We welcome sponsorship from companies; options include hosting stands at the event and organising activities for attendees.
Please get in contact with [Andrew Gilbert](mailto:a.gilbert@surrey.ac.uk) for more details.


## Attending

<!--
<div class="alert mt-3 alert-success" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Details on registration will be released in May</strong></span>
</div>
-->

We are keeping the cost of attending as low as possible and make sure there are no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending. We anticipate that UK restrictions will permit national travel to allow attendance. While we would welcome attendance from colleagues overseas, unfortunately, <strong>we cannot advise international registration or booking</strong> as the rules on international travel remain unclear.

<!--
<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="">
    <h3 style="text-align:center;">Registration will be open soon..</h3>
    
    <span>Please read the following before <strong>registering using the Eventbrite link below</strong>.</span>
    <span>Places are available on a first-come, first-served basis so <strong>please book early!</strong></span>
    <span>Details about booking accommodation can be found <a href="#accommodation">below</a>.</span>
    
</div>
-->

The registraterains costs are as follows 
- **PhD Students** (registered at a UK institution):  £135.00

- **Researchers at a academic or not-for-profit**   £225.00

- **Researchers at a commercial organisation:**   £300.00


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register below or via eventbrite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/bmva-april-event-tickets-159841505245">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>



We are looking forward to the April Event and hope to see you there! As we all know, it has been a challenging time for organising research events, and we hope that this in-person meeting will be a welcome opportunity for everyone to meet up and discuss research. As the circumstances are unusual, please make sure you read the following:

- **Refunds:** In the (hopefully unlikely) event that we cannot go ahead with the event, we will be offering refunds on registrations. We will also offer refunds up to 30 days prior to the event if participants, due to changing circumstances, feel uncomfortable attending an in-person event. We note that there will be no online equivalent if the event cannot be held in person. 
- **Places:** Places are allocated on a first-come-first-served basis; however, we reserve the right to place caps on the number of registrations from a single institution/organisation.
- **Included:** Registration is for in-person access to the event (there will be no hybrid or online attendance options); included are the event reception, lunch on all days and the official event dinner. **Accommodation and travel are not included.** The website provides recommendations for affordable hotel accommodation, with easy access to the event hotel, below.
- **Topic:** Aligning with our charitable mandate of focusing on computer vision education and research, we reserve the right to limit participation to researchers working in the field of computer vision (as per BMVC relevance).

During the registration process, there will be the option to indicate if you would like to bring a poster to the event (abstract details provided shortly) and whether or not you would like to apply to present at the "missing orals" (see above). We are also canvassing demand for demos, but we cannot guarantee that we will accommodate this.

<div class="row pt-3 pl-3 pr-3">
    <div class="container-fluid pb-3">
        <div class="card p-1" style="background: #FFFFFF"> <!--F8F7FA-->
            <div class="card-body mx-auto">
              Please register using the Eventbrite link below (please scroll within the frame for all options and questions):
            </div>
            <div id="eventbrite-widget-container-159841505245"></div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>


<script src="https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    function getWidth() {
      if (self.innerWidth) {
        return self.innerWidth;
      }

      if (document.documentElement && document.documentElement.clientWidth) {
        return document.documentElement.clientWidth;
      }

      if (document.body) {
        return document.body.clientWidth;
      }
    }

    var height_to_use = 550;

    if (getWidth() < 1000) {
        height_to_use = 700;
    }

    if (getWidth() < 800) {
        height_to_use = 750;
    }

    if (getWidth() < 550) {
        height_to_use = 750;
    }

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '251910500087',

        //modal: true,
        //modalTriggerElementId: "eventbrite-widget-trigger",

        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-251910500087',
        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: height_to_use,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        iFrameAutoAdapt: 100,
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>




### Accommodation

The registration **does not include accommodation**. Rooms can be booked at the [Kimpton Clocktower](https://www.kimptonclocktowerhotel.com) event hotel in Manchester, but participants are free to stay wherever. Alternative hotels that are nearby include (with rough price estimates as of June 2021):

- [Holiday Inn Express Manchester City Centre](https://www.ihg.com/holidayinnexpress/hotels/gb/en/manchester/mancc/hoteldetail) (~£85 per night)

- [ibis Manchester Centre 96 Portland Street Hotel](https://all.accor.com/united-kingdom/index.en.shtml) (~£54 per night)
- [ibis Manchester Centre Princess Street](https://all.accor.com/united-kingdom/index.en.shtml) (~£54 per night)


- [Novotel Manchester Centre](http://novotelcentre.atmanchesterhotels.com/en/) (~£97 per night)


- [Pendulum Hotel](https://www.pendulumhotel.co.uk/) (~£85 per night)


- [Jurys Inn Manchester City Centre](https://www.jurysinns.com/hotels/manchester) (~£119 per night)

- [The Midland](https://www.themidlandhotel.co.uk/) (~£159 per night)

- [DoubleTree by Hilton Manchester Piccadilly](https://www.hilton.com/en/hotels/manpddi-doubletree-manchester-piccadilly/) (~£89 per night)

Commit message:

update to BMVA 3 Day Symposium

meetings/22-04-04-April-Event.md, after:

---
layout: special-event
type: BMVA 3 Day Symposium 
title: BMVA 3 Day Symposium (4-6 April 2022)
index: 0
date: 2022-04-04
dates: Manchester, 4th - 6th April 2022
meeting-title: BMVA 3 Day Symposium 
image: 21-09-06-september-event.png
organisers: Neill Campbell, Andrew Gilbert
---

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-success" style="text-align:center;">
    <span><strong>Registration now open!</strong></span>
        &nbsp;&nbsp;<span>
        <a class="btn btn-success mt-1 mb-1" role="button" href="#attending">Go to Registration</a></span>
        &nbsp;&nbsp;<span>
        <a class="btn btn-success mt-1 mb-1" role="button" href="#accommodation">Accommodation Information</a></span>
</div>


<p>
    We are excited to announce that we will be hosting an in-person meeting in Manchester in April open to all computer vision researchers. 

    After a difficult period of exclusively online events, we hope that this will serve as a welcome opportunity for researchers from academia and industry and all levels of seniority to meet to discuss research.

    The form of this meeting will be a departure from previous events but is perhaps closest in ethos to a multi-day workshop taking the form of a greatly expanded technical meeting, and inspiration from the recent successes of community focused events such as "unconferences".

    All participants will receive space for a poster, and there will be a variety of additional timetabled sessions. We intend to keep the cost of attending as low as possible and make sure there are no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending. Please see below.
</p>

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-danger">
<h2 style="text-align:center;">Announcement: Event to go ahead: 4th-6th April 2022</h2>
<p>
    The BMVA is pleased to announce that the BMVA 3 Day Symposium will be going ahead as planned. While the risk of covid has not gone away, postponing the event again was not possible, and our options were either to continue or cancel. As well as following all government guidelines, we will decide on any further covid-mitigation strategies (masks, LF testing etc.) nearer to the date. However, to begin with, we will be limiting the scale of the event to ensure that social distancing can be observed. The last two years have been hard for our community, and while virtual events have allowed our research to have an outlet, the networking and discussions that happen at in person events have been sorely missed.  
</p>
</div>



### Format

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-warning" style="">
    <span><strong>Research Focus:</strong> We strongly encourage all attendees to submit a short 1 page abstract of work they would like to present at the event, and all attendees will be given space for a poster. Whilst the abstracts will be checked for topic and relevance, there is no formal peer-review process, and there will be <strong>no formal proceedings published</strong>. There will be <strong>no restrictions from the BMVA on dual-submission</strong> and attendees are free to choose whether they would like to present previous work (e.g. already published), current work in progress, or just new ideas that they wish to discuss or receive feedback on.</span>
</div>

The main focus of the meeting will be the poster sessions from the attendees to provide a forum for all researchers to meet and discuss ideas.

The current proposal also includes the following in the timetable over the three days of the meeting:

- **Doctoral Consortium**: A session for PhD students who have recently graduated or are near graduation to present their thesis research to interested members of the academic and industrial research community.
- **Invited Keynotes**: We will have some invited keynote speakers from academia and industry as well as from recently appointed BMVA Distinguished Fellows.
- **The 'Missing Oral' Sessions**: Many researchers missed out on presenting interesting work in person due to the need for virtual conferences. We will organise sessions to allow researchers who received an oral presentation at one of the conferences that became virtual during the pandemic to apply to give their presentation.
- **Early Career Researcher Networking Session**: A session for recently appointed faculty to meet and present their research topics as well as receive guidance from senior researchers.
- **Industry Sessions**: Industrial research groups will be able to host individual and joint sessions.

We welcome both suggestions for additional items for the timetable and volunteers who would like to be involved in the organisation and running of any aspect of the event.

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-warning" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please get in contact with suggestions or to volunteer: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="mailto:bmva-september-event@googlegroups.com">Contact the Organisers!</a></strong></span>
</div>


### Sponsorship

We welcome sponsorship from companies; options include hosting stands at the event and organising activities for attendees.
Please get in contact with [Andrew Gilbert](mailto:a.gilbert@surrey.ac.uk) for more details.


## Attending

<!--
<div class="alert mt-3 alert-success" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Details on registration will be released in May</strong></span>
</div>
-->

We are keeping the cost of attending as low as possible and make sure there are no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending. We anticipate that UK restrictions will permit national travel to allow attendance. While we would welcome attendance from colleagues overseas, unfortunately, <strong>we cannot advise international registration or booking</strong> as the rules on international travel remain unclear.

<!--
<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="">
    <h3 style="text-align:center;">Registration will be open soon..</h3>
    
    <span>Please read the following before <strong>registering using the Eventbrite link below</strong>.</span>
    <span>Places are available on a first-come, first-served basis so <strong>please book early!</strong></span>
    <span>Details about booking accommodation can be found <a href="#accommodation">below</a>.</span>
    
</div>
-->

The registraterains costs are as follows 
- **PhD Students** (registered at a UK institution):  £135.00

- **Researchers at a academic or not-for-profit**   £225.00

- **Researchers at a commercial organisation:**   £300.00


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register below or via eventbrite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/bmva-april-event-tickets-159841505245">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>



We are looking forward to the BMVA 3 Day Symposium and hope to see you there! As we all know, it has been a challenging time for organising research events, and we hope that this in-person meeting will be a welcome opportunity for everyone to meet up and discuss research. As the circumstances are unusual, please make sure you read the following:

- **Refunds:** In the (hopefully unlikely) event that we cannot go ahead with the event, we will be offering refunds on registrations. We will also offer refunds up to 30 days prior to the event if participants, due to changing circumstances, feel uncomfortable attending an in-person event. We note that there will be no online equivalent if the event cannot be held in person. 
- **Places:** Places are allocated on a first-come-first-served basis; however, we reserve the right to place caps on the number of registrations from a single institution/organisation.
- **Included:** Registration is for in-person access to the event (there will be no hybrid or online attendance options); included are the event reception, lunch on all days and the official event dinner. **Accommodation and travel are not included.** The website provides recommendations for affordable hotel accommodation, with easy access to the event hotel, below.
- **Topic:** Aligning with our charitable mandate of focusing on computer vision education and research, we reserve the right to limit participation to researchers working in the field of computer vision (as per BMVC relevance).

During the registration process, there will be the option to indicate if you would like to bring a poster to the event (abstract details provided shortly) and whether or not you would like to apply to present at the "missing orals" (see above). We are also canvassing demand for demos, but we cannot guarantee that we will accommodate this.

<div class="row pt-3 pl-3 pr-3">
    <div class="container-fluid pb-3">
        <div class="card p-1" style="background: #FFFFFF"> <!--F8F7FA-->
            <div class="card-body mx-auto">
              Please register using the Eventbrite link below (please scroll within the frame for all options and questions):
            </div>
            <div id="eventbrite-widget-container-159841505245"></div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>


<script src="https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/static/widgets/eb_widgets.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
    var exampleCallback = function() {
        console.log('Order complete!');
    };

    function getWidth() {
      if (self.innerWidth) {
        return self.innerWidth;
      }

      if (document.documentElement && document.documentElement.clientWidth) {
        return document.documentElement.clientWidth;
      }

      if (document.body) {
        return document.body.clientWidth;
      }
    }

    var height_to_use = 550;

    if (getWidth() < 1000) {
        height_to_use = 700;
    }

    if (getWidth() < 800) {
        height_to_use = 750;
    }

    if (getWidth() < 550) {
        height_to_use = 750;
    }

    window.EBWidgets.createWidget({
        // Required
        widgetType: 'checkout',
        eventId: '251910500087',

        //modal: true,
        //modalTriggerElementId: "eventbrite-widget-trigger",

        iframeContainerId: 'eventbrite-widget-container-251910500087',
        // Optional
        iframeContainerHeight: height_to_use,  // Widget height in pixels. Defaults to a minimum of 425px if not provided
        iFrameAutoAdapt: 100,
        onOrderComplete: exampleCallback  // Method called when an order has successfully completed
    });
</script>




### Accommodation

The registration **does not include accommodation**. Rooms can be booked at the [Kimpton Clocktower](https://www.kimptonclocktowerhotel.com) event hotel in Manchester, but participants are free to stay wherever. Alternative hotels that are nearby include (with rough price estimates as of June 2021):

- [Holiday Inn Express Manchester City Centre](https://www.ihg.com/holidayinnexpress/hotels/gb/en/manchester/mancc/hoteldetail) (~£85 per night)

- [ibis Manchester Centre 96 Portland Street Hotel](https://all.accor.com/united-kingdom/index.en.shtml) (~£54 per night)
- [ibis Manchester Centre Princess Street](https://all.accor.com/united-kingdom/index.en.shtml) (~£54 per night)


- [Novotel Manchester Centre](http://novotelcentre.atmanchesterhotels.com/en/) (~£97 per night)


- [Pendulum Hotel](https://www.pendulumhotel.co.uk/) (~£85 per night)


- [Jurys Inn Manchester City Centre](https://www.jurysinns.com/hotels/manchester) (~£119 per night)

- [The Midland](https://www.themidlandhotel.co.uk/) (~£159 per night)

- [DoubleTree by Hilton Manchester Piccadilly](https://www.hilton.com/en/hotels/manpddi-doubletree-manchester-piccadilly/) (~£89 per night)
