meetings/24-01-17-Vision and Language.md, before:

---
layout: meeting
type: One Day Meeting
title: "BMVA Symposium on Vision and Language. (17th January 2024) "
index: 1
date: 2024-01-17
meeting-title: "BMVA Symposium on Vision and Language"
image: BMVAForYoutube.png
organisers: [Michael Wray](https://mwray.github.io/) (University of Bristol), [Davide Moltisanti](https://www.davidemoltisanti.com/research/) (University of Edinburgh), and [Tengda Han](https://tengdahan.github.io/) (University of Oxford). 
---

## Invited Speakers

[Andrew Zisserman](https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~az/) (University of Oxford)
[Frank Keller](https://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/keller/) (University of Edinburgh)
[Hilde Kuehne](https://hildekuehne.github.io/) (University of Bonn/MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab)
[Yuki M. Asano](https://yukimasano.github.io/) (University of Amsterdam)

## Call for Presentations

We invite presentations from both academia and industry, bringing together researchers interested in all aspects of vision-language models and their potential future applications. 

**Presentations can be either published work or ongoing research**. The aim is to spotlight recent work, receive feedback and spur discussion. We expect presentations to cover one or more of the following areas (but this is a non-exhaustive list):

* What’s next for Vision-Language Models?
* Generative models (both text and vision generation)
* Retrieval and Search Based-Tasks
* Visual Question Answering
* Foundation Models
* Is Large-Scale Pre-training Required?
* Evaluating Generative Vision-Language Models
* Vision Language Benchmarks and Datasets
* Adversarial Attacks
* Security and Wellbeing

Presentations will take the form of one of three types: poster, talk, demo. When applying for a presentation, you are welcome to choose any combination of the options. You can apply to give a presentation using the form below.  Note that this will NOT be a hybrid event, therefore we expect **presenters to attend the event in person**.

**The deadline for submitting a presentation is the 27th November 2023.**


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Submit interest through: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://forms.gle/dJ5uw5i5F7jBQi977">Submit Interest here</a></strong></span>
</div>


## Meeting Location

The meeting will take place at:

British Computer Society (BCS), 25 Copthall Avenue, London EC2R 7BP

{% include bcs-map.html %}

## Registration

We keep the cost of attending these events as low as possible to ensure no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending. 
The registration costs are as follows 
- **BMVA Members**:  £20

- **Non BMVA Members**   £40 (Includes membership to the BMVA)

Both Inc Lunch and refreshments for the day


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register via charitysuite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/iiso4qt1">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>

Commit message:

Added a banner image and fixed some rendering errors

meetings/24-01-17-Vision and Language.md, after:

---
layout: meeting
type: One Day Meeting
title: "BMVA Symposium on Vision and Language. (17th January 2024) "
index: 1
date: 2024-01-17
meeting-title: "BMVA Symposium on Vision and Language"
image: 24-01-17VisionLanguage.jpg
organisers: Michael Wray (University of Bristol), Davide Moltisanti (University of Edinburgh), and Tengda Han (University of Oxford). 
---

## Invited Speakers

* [Yuki M. Asano](https://yukimasano.github.io/) (University of Amsterdam)
* [Frank Keller](https://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/keller/) (University of Edinburgh)
* [Hilde Kuehne](https://hildekuehne.github.io/) (University of Bonn/MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab)
* [Andrew Zisserman](https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~az/) (University of Oxford)


## Call for Presentations

We invite presentations from both academia and industry, bringing together researchers interested in all aspects of vision-language models and their potential future applications. 

**Presentations can be either published work or ongoing research**. The aim is to spotlight recent work, receive feedback and spur discussion. We expect presentations to cover one or more of the following areas (but this is a non-exhaustive list):

* What’s next for Vision-Language Models?
* Generative models (both text and vision generation)
* Retrieval and Search Based-Tasks
* Visual Question Answering
* Foundation Models
* Is Large-Scale Pre-training Required?
* Evaluating Generative Vision-Language Models
* Vision Language Benchmarks and Datasets
* Adversarial Attacks
* Security and Wellbeing

Presentations will take the form of one of three types: poster, talk, demo. When applying for a presentation, you are welcome to choose any combination of the options. You can apply to give a presentation using the form below.  Note that this will NOT be a hybrid event, therefore we expect **presenters to attend the event in person**.

**The deadline for submitting a presentation is the 27th November 2023.**


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Submit interest through: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://forms.gle/dJ5uw5i5F7jBQi977">Submit Interest here</a></strong></span>
</div>


## Meeting Location

The meeting will take place at:

British Computer Society (BCS), 25 Copthall Avenue, London EC2R 7BP

{% include bcs-map.html %}

## Registration

We keep the cost of attending these events as low as possible to ensure no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending. 
The registration costs are as follows 
- **BMVA Members**:  £20

- **Non BMVA Members**   £40 (Includes membership to the BMVA)

Both Inc Lunch and refreshments for the day


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register via charitysuite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/iiso4qt1">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>



Banner image by [Kevin Rheese](https://www.flickr.com/photos/129440207@N08)
