---
layout: meeting
type: One Day Meeting
title: "BMVA Symposium on 3D Vision (26th Feburary 2025) "
index: 1
date: 2025-02-26
meeting-title: "BMVA Symposium on 3D Vison"
image: BMVAForYoutubeicon.png
organisers: Will Rowan (University of York), Nick Pears (University of York)
---

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register via charitysuite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/6z0pfosc">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Sign up to present at this meeting via this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/forms/phpfrigb">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>

## Invited Speakers

* [Oisin Mac Aodha](https://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/omacaod/), Reader in Computer Vision, University of Edinburgh
* [Neill Campbell](https://ndfcampbell.org/), Director of CAMERA, University of Bath



## Call for Presentations

We are excited to bring together a diverse community of researchers and engineers in 3D
Vision, representing all career stages. Whether you're an experienced professional or new to
the field, this event offers an excellent opportunity to learn, share your work, and network. The day
will be designed to maximise opportunities for meeting others with similar research interests.
And yes, lunch is provided!

We welcome both academic and industry presentations. Submissions can include either
published work or ongoing research. We are seeking a range of research and applied topics
related to 3D Vision, including but not limited to the following areas:

* 3D from X
* 3D shape modelling and processing
* Applications of 3D Vision in film, television, and games
* Computational photography and photogrammetry
* RGB-D sensors and analytics
* Scene analysis and understanding
* Segmentation, grouping, and shape analysis
* 3D vision and graphics
* 3D acquisition
* 4D dynamic shapes
* Human-related 3D (face, gestures, pose, and body movement)
* Generative and morphable models
* 3D motion modelling
* Inverse rendering

Not sure if your topic fits? Please contact the chairs for guidance.

Presentation formats include posters, demos, and talks. Please note that all oral
presentations require an accompanying poster or demo. Demos will be displayed alongside
posters during the day and can take the form of interactive experiences or visualisations. You can submit
your presentation proposal using the form below.

Important: This is an in-person event, with no virtual attendance option. We kindly ask all
presenters to join us at the British Computer Society on the day.

**Presentations can be either published work, or ongoing research**. 

**The deadline for submitting a presentation is the 27th November**

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Sign up to present at this meeting via this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/forms/phpfrigb">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>

## Meeting Location

The meeting will take place at:

British Computer Society (BCS), 25 Copthall Avenue, London EC2R 7BP

{% include bcs-map.html %}

## Registration

We keep the cost of attending these events as low as possible to ensure no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending. 
The registration costs are as follows 
- **All Attendees**:  £30
Including lunch and refreshments for the day


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register via charitysuite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/6z0pfosc">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>




