meetings/25-12-10-Sign.md, before:

---
layout: meeting
type: One Day Meeting
title: "BMVA Symposium on AI for Sign Language Translation, Production, and Linguistics (10th December 2025) "
index: 1
date: 2025-12-10
meeting-title: "BMVA Symposium on AI for Sign Language Translation, Production, and Linguistics"
image: Sign-Lang.png
organisers: Edward Fish (University of Surrey), Youngjoon Jang (KAIST), Özge Mercanoğlu Sincan (University of Surrey)
---

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register to attend on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/pmvihyso">Register Here to Attend</a></strong></span>
</div>

<p style="text-align: center;">
<a class="btn btn-info" role="button" href="mailto:a.gilbert@surrey.ac.uk">Queries? contact the Meeting's Organiser Andrew Gilbert here</a></p>

---

## Invited Keynotes

* [**Prof. Andrew Zisserman**](https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~az/) (University of Oxford/Google DeepMind)
* [**Dr. Abraham Glasser**](https://abrahamglasser.com/) (Gallaudet University)
* [**Dr. Oscar Koller**](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/people/oskoller/) (Microsoft)
* [**Prof. Richard Bowden**](https://www.surrey.ac.uk/people/richard-bowden) (University of Surrey)

---


The British Machine Vision Association (BMVA) is pleased to announce its upcoming one-day symposium on Sign Language Translation, Production, and Linguistics. This event aims to bring together researchers, academics, and industry professionals from the fields of computer vision, linguistics, and Deaf studies to explore the significant advancements and pressing challenges in automatic sign language processing.
This symposium will provide a platform for the dissemination of cutting-edge research and will foster collaboration between technical experts and the Deaf community. The day will feature a series of invited talks from leading figures in the field, alongside paper presentations, posters, and demos.

<style>
    /* Using a class to prevent conflicts with other tables */
    .schedule-table {
        width: 100%;
        border-collapse: collapse;
        box-shadow: 0 2px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
        background-color: #ffffff;
        margin-top: 1.5em; /* Add some space above the table */
        margin-bottom: 1.5em; /* Add some space below the table */
    }
    
    .schedule-table th, 
    .schedule-table td {
        padding: 12px 15px;
        text-align: left;
        border-bottom: 1px solid #ddd;
    }
    
    .schedule-table thead th {
        /* Using the 'btn-info' blue to match site buttons */
        background-color: #17a2b8; 
        color: #ffffff;
        font-weight: bold;
    }
    
    .schedule-table tbody tr:nth-child(even) {
        background-color: #f2f2f2;
    }
    
    .schedule-table tbody tr:hover {
        background-color: #e6f7ff;
    }

    /* Responsive adjustments */
    @media (max-width: 600px) {
        .schedule-table thead {
            display: none; /* Hide header on small screens */
        }
        .schedule-table tr {
            display: block;
            margin-bottom: 10px;
            border: 1px solid #ddd;
        }
        .schedule-table td {
            display: block;
            text-align: right;
            border-bottom: 1px dotted #ccc;
        }
        .schedule-table td:before {
            content: attr(data-label);
            float: left;
            font-weight: bold;
            text-transform: uppercase;
        }
        .schedule-table td:last-child {
            border-bottom: 0;
        }
    }

    /* Styles for the session list */
    .session-list {
        list-style-type: none;
        padding-left: 0;
    }
    .session-list li {
        background: #f9f9f9;
        border: 1px solid #eee;
        padding: 12px 15px;
        margin-bottom: 10px;
    }
    .session-list li strong {
        font-size: 1.05em;
        display: block;
        color: #333;
    }
</style>


## Event Schedule

<table class="schedule-table">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Start</th>
            <th>End</th>
            <th>Duration</th>
            <th>Event</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">09:10</td>
            <td data-label="End">09:30</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">20 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Registration, Poster Set-up & Welcome Coffee</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">09:30</td>
            <td data-label="End">10:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">30 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Richard Bowden (University of Surrey)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">10:00</td>
            <td data-label="End">11:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Session 1: Production (3D Motion, Generation, and Synthesis)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">11:00</td>
            <td data-label="End">11:30</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">30 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Coffee Break & Poster Session 1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">11:30</td>
            <td data-label="End">12:10</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">40 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Andrew Zisserman (University of Oxford)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">12:10</td>
            <td data-label="End">13:10</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Lunch & Poster Session 2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">13:10</td>
            <td data-label="End">13:50</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">40 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Oscar Koller (Microsoft)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">13:50</td>
            <td data-label="End">14:50</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Session 2: Datasets (Creation, Challenges, and Scaling)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">14:50</td>
            <td data-label="End">15:20</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">30 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Coffee Break & Poster Session 3</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">15:20</td>
            <td data-label="End">16:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">40 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Abraham Glasser (Gallaudet University)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">16:00</td>
            <td data-label="End">17:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Session 3: Translation (Models, Applications, and Co-Design)</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<h3>Session 1: Production: 3D Motion, Generation, and Synthesis</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>Text-Driven 3D Hand Motion Generation from Sign Language Data</strong><br>
        Léore Bensabath (École nationale des ponts et chaussées)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Generating Sign Language Motions via Language Modelling</strong><br>
        Ronglai Zuo (Imperial College London)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Iterative Latent Refinement for Robust Non-Autoregressive Sign Language Production</strong><br>
        Tuğçe Kiziltepe (Hacettepe University)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Temporal denoising of 3D reconstructed hand pose sequences</strong><br>
        Fredrik Malmberg (KTH Royal Institute of Technology)
    </li>
</ul>

<h3>Session 2: Datasets: Creation, Challenges, and Scaling</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>SignAvatars: A Large-scale 3D Sign Language Holistic Motion Dataset and Benchmark</strong><br>
        Tolga Birdal (Imperial College London)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Scaling 3D Sign Language Datasets: Markerless Hand Capture in the Wild</strong><br>
        Rolandos A. Potamias (Imperial College London)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Challenges in Sign Language AI Research: The Data Problem</strong><br>
        Matt Brown, Neil Fox, Bencie Woll, Kearsy Cormier (UCL, University of Birmingham)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>BUTID: A Large-scale Sign Language Translation Dataset and Benchmarks for Turkish Sign Language</strong><br>
        Karahan Sahin (Boğaziçi University / University of Surrey)
    </li>
</ul>

<h3>Session 3: Translation: Models, Applications, and Co-Design</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>Community Driven AI Futures – Exploring the use of speculative fictions to increase AI literacy for signing communities.</strong><br>
        Lauren Ward (RNID: Royal National Institute for Deaf People)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>AI BSL Translation - How to deliver translations at scale</strong><br>
        Ben Saunders (Signapse)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Segment, Embed, and Align: A Universal Recipe for Aligning Subtitles to Signing</strong><br>
        Zifan Jiang (University of Zurich / University of Oxford / Google DeepMind)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Handshape Classification using HaMeR reconstruction</strong><br>
        Gomer Otterspeer (University of Amsterdam)
    </li>
</ul>

<h3>📌 Accepted Posters</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>AI-Supported Sign Language Practice</strong><br>
        Ronald Grau (University of Sussex)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Vision Transformers for Sign Language Recognition</strong><br>
        Charlotte Richardson (University of Sussex)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Sign Language Processing with Linguistic Structure</strong><br>
        Annelies Braffort, Michael Filhol, Michèle Gouiffès, Julie Halbout, Julie Lascar (French National Centre for Scientific Research)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>A New Swedish Sign Language Motion Capture Corpus for Probabilistic Sign Language Generation</strong><br>
        Anna Klezovich (KTH Royal Institute of Technology)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Arguing for the Colloquial Signer: Towards Letter-Level Transitional Modelling</strong><br>
        Poppy Fynes (University of York)
    </li>
</ul>

Important: This is an in-person event, with no virtual attendance option. We kindly ask all presenters to join us at the British Computer Society on the day.


## Meeting Location

The meeting will take place at:

British Computer Society (BCS), 25 Copthall Avenue, London EC2R 7BP

{% include bcs-map.html %}

## Registration

We keep the cost of attending these events as low as possible to ensure no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending.
The registration costs are as follows 
- **All Attendees**:  £30
Including lunch and refreshments for the day


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register via charitysuite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/pmvihyso">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>

Commit message:

Include interpreting options for the symposium
Added information about BSL, International Sign, and ASL interpreting availability.

meetings/25-12-10-Sign.md, after:

---
layout: meeting
type: One Day Meeting
title: "BMVA Symposium on AI for Sign Language Translation, Production, and Linguistics (10th December 2025) "
index: 1
date: 2025-12-10
meeting-title: "BMVA Symposium on AI for Sign Language Translation, Production, and Linguistics"
image: Sign-Lang.png
organisers: Edward Fish (University of Surrey), Youngjoon Jang (KAIST), Özge Mercanoğlu Sincan (University of Surrey)
---

<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register to attend on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/pmvihyso">Register Here to Attend</a></strong></span>
</div>

<p style="text-align: center;">
<a class="btn btn-info" role="button" href="mailto:a.gilbert@surrey.ac.uk">Queries? contact the Meeting's Organiser Andrew Gilbert here</a></p>

---

## Invited Keynotes

* [**Prof. Andrew Zisserman**](https://www.robots.ox.ac.uk/~az/) (University of Oxford/Google DeepMind)
* [**Dr. Abraham Glasser**](https://abrahamglasser.com/) (Gallaudet University)
* [**Dr. Oscar Koller**](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/people/oskoller/) (Microsoft)
* [**Prof. Richard Bowden**](https://www.surrey.ac.uk/people/richard-bowden) (University of Surrey)

---

## BSL, International Sign, and ASL interpreting is available. Please contact us for details.


The British Machine Vision Association (BMVA) is pleased to announce its upcoming one-day symposium on Sign Language Translation, Production, and Linguistics. This event aims to bring together researchers, academics, and industry professionals from the fields of computer vision, linguistics, and Deaf studies to explore the significant advancements and pressing challenges in automatic sign language processing.
This symposium will provide a platform for the dissemination of cutting-edge research and will foster collaboration between technical experts and the Deaf community. The day will feature a series of invited talks from leading figures in the field, alongside paper presentations, posters, and demos.

<style>
    /* Using a class to prevent conflicts with other tables */
    .schedule-table {
        width: 100%;
        border-collapse: collapse;
        box-shadow: 0 2px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
        background-color: #ffffff;
        margin-top: 1.5em; /* Add some space above the table */
        margin-bottom: 1.5em; /* Add some space below the table */
    }
    
    .schedule-table th, 
    .schedule-table td {
        padding: 12px 15px;
        text-align: left;
        border-bottom: 1px solid #ddd;
    }
    
    .schedule-table thead th {
        /* Using the 'btn-info' blue to match site buttons */
        background-color: #17a2b8; 
        color: #ffffff;
        font-weight: bold;
    }
    
    .schedule-table tbody tr:nth-child(even) {
        background-color: #f2f2f2;
    }
    
    .schedule-table tbody tr:hover {
        background-color: #e6f7ff;
    }

    /* Responsive adjustments */
    @media (max-width: 600px) {
        .schedule-table thead {
            display: none; /* Hide header on small screens */
        }
        .schedule-table tr {
            display: block;
            margin-bottom: 10px;
            border: 1px solid #ddd;
        }
        .schedule-table td {
            display: block;
            text-align: right;
            border-bottom: 1px dotted #ccc;
        }
        .schedule-table td:before {
            content: attr(data-label);
            float: left;
            font-weight: bold;
            text-transform: uppercase;
        }
        .schedule-table td:last-child {
            border-bottom: 0;
        }
    }

    /* Styles for the session list */
    .session-list {
        list-style-type: none;
        padding-left: 0;
    }
    .session-list li {
        background: #f9f9f9;
        border: 1px solid #eee;
        padding: 12px 15px;
        margin-bottom: 10px;
    }
    .session-list li strong {
        font-size: 1.05em;
        display: block;
        color: #333;
    }
</style>


## Event Schedule

<table class="schedule-table">
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Start</th>
            <th>End</th>
            <th>Duration</th>
            <th>Event</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">09:10</td>
            <td data-label="End">09:30</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">20 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Registration, Poster Set-up & Welcome Coffee</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">09:30</td>
            <td data-label="End">10:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">30 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Richard Bowden (University of Surrey)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">10:00</td>
            <td data-label="End">11:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Session 1: Production (3D Motion, Generation, and Synthesis)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">11:00</td>
            <td data-label="End">11:30</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">30 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Coffee Break & Poster Session 1</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">11:30</td>
            <td data-label="End">12:10</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">40 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Andrew Zisserman (University of Oxford)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">12:10</td>
            <td data-label="End">13:10</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Lunch & Poster Session 2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">13:10</td>
            <td data-label="End">13:50</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">40 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Oscar Koller (Microsoft)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">13:50</td>
            <td data-label="End">14:50</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Session 2: Datasets (Creation, Challenges, and Scaling)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">14:50</td>
            <td data-label="End">15:20</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">30 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Coffee Break & Poster Session 3</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">15:20</td>
            <td data-label="End">16:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">40 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Invited Keynote: Abraham Glasser (Gallaudet University)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td data-label="Start">16:00</td>
            <td data-label="End">17:00</td>
            <td data-label="Duration">60 mins</td>
            <td data-label="Event">Session 3: Translation (Models, Applications, and Co-Design)</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

<h3>Session 1: Production: 3D Motion, Generation, and Synthesis</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>Text-Driven 3D Hand Motion Generation from Sign Language Data</strong><br>
        Léore Bensabath (École nationale des ponts et chaussées)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Generating Sign Language Motions via Language Modelling</strong><br>
        Ronglai Zuo (Imperial College London)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Iterative Latent Refinement for Robust Non-Autoregressive Sign Language Production</strong><br>
        Tuğçe Kiziltepe (Hacettepe University)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Temporal denoising of 3D reconstructed hand pose sequences</strong><br>
        Fredrik Malmberg (KTH Royal Institute of Technology)
    </li>
</ul>

<h3>Session 2: Datasets: Creation, Challenges, and Scaling</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>SignAvatars: A Large-scale 3D Sign Language Holistic Motion Dataset and Benchmark</strong><br>
        Tolga Birdal (Imperial College London)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Scaling 3D Sign Language Datasets: Markerless Hand Capture in the Wild</strong><br>
        Rolandos A. Potamias (Imperial College London)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Challenges in Sign Language AI Research: The Data Problem</strong><br>
        Matt Brown, Neil Fox, Bencie Woll, Kearsy Cormier (UCL, University of Birmingham)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>BUTID: A Large-scale Sign Language Translation Dataset and Benchmarks for Turkish Sign Language</strong><br>
        Karahan Sahin (Boğaziçi University / University of Surrey)
    </li>
</ul>

<h3>Session 3: Translation: Models, Applications, and Co-Design</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>Community Driven AI Futures – Exploring the use of speculative fictions to increase AI literacy for signing communities.</strong><br>
        Lauren Ward (RNID: Royal National Institute for Deaf People)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>AI BSL Translation - How to deliver translations at scale</strong><br>
        Ben Saunders (Signapse)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Segment, Embed, and Align: A Universal Recipe for Aligning Subtitles to Signing</strong><br>
        Zifan Jiang (University of Zurich / University of Oxford / Google DeepMind)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Handshape Classification using HaMeR reconstruction</strong><br>
        Gomer Otterspeer (University of Amsterdam)
    </li>
</ul>

<h3>📌 Accepted Posters</h3>
<ul class="session-list">
    <li>
        <strong>AI-Supported Sign Language Practice</strong><br>
        Ronald Grau (University of Sussex)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Vision Transformers for Sign Language Recognition</strong><br>
        Charlotte Richardson (University of Sussex)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Sign Language Processing with Linguistic Structure</strong><br>
        Annelies Braffort, Michael Filhol, Michèle Gouiffès, Julie Halbout, Julie Lascar (French National Centre for Scientific Research)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>A New Swedish Sign Language Motion Capture Corpus for Probabilistic Sign Language Generation</strong><br>
        Anna Klezovich (KTH Royal Institute of Technology)
    </li>
    <li>
        <strong>Arguing for the Colloquial Signer: Towards Letter-Level Transitional Modelling</strong><br>
        Poppy Fynes (University of York)
    </li>
</ul>

Important: This is an in-person event, with no virtual attendance option. We kindly ask all presenters to join us at the British Computer Society on the day.


## Meeting Location

The meeting will take place at:

British Computer Society (BCS), 25 Copthall Avenue, London EC2R 7BP

{% include bcs-map.html %}

## Registration

We keep the cost of attending these events as low as possible to ensure no barriers from the whole computer vision community attending.
The registration costs are as follows 
- **All Attendees**:  £30
Including lunch and refreshments for the day


<div class="alert mt-3 alert-info" style="text-align:center;">
<span><strong>Please register via charitysuite on this link: &nbsp;&nbsp;
<a class="btn btn-warning" role="button" href="https://bmva.charitysuite.com/events/pmvihyso">Register Here</a></strong></span>
</div>
