information/fellowship.md, before:

---
layout: default_sparse
title: Distinguished Fellowship
permalink: /information/fellowship
---

## BMVA Distinguished Fellowship

The BMVA Distinguished Fellowship is awarded to one person each year in
recognition of their services to the British machine vision
community. The awardees are distinguished researchers, normally based in the UK, who
have contributed significantly to research in the field and service to
the British machine vision community, both nationally and internationally.

### Distinguished Fellows

+ [2000: Michael Duff]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2000-duff.md %})
+ [2001: Michael Brady]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2001-brady.md %})
+ [2002: Josef Kittler]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2002-kittler.md %})
+ [2003: Chris Taylor]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2003-taylor.md %})
+ [2004: Andrew Blake]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2004-blake.md %})
+ [2005: Roy Davies]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2005-davies.md %})
+ [2006: Maria Petrou]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2006-petrou.md %})
+ [2007: Bill Adaway]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2007-adaway.md %})
+ [2008: Andrew Zisserman]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2008-zisserman.md %})
+ [2009: Bernard Buxton]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2009-buxton.md %})
+ [2010: Bob Fisher]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2010-fisher.md %})
+ [2011: David Hogg]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2011-hogg.md %})
+ [2012: John Illingworth]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2012-illingworth.md %})
+ [2013: Roberto Cipolla]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2013-cipolla.md %})
+ [2014: Tim Cootes]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2014-cootes.md %})
+ [2015: Mark Nixon]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2015-nixon.md %})
+ [2016: Edwin Hancock]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2016-hancock.md %})
+ [2017: Andrew Fitzgibbon]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2017-fitzgibbon.md %})
+ [2018: Majid Mirmehdi]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2018-mirmehdi.md %})
+ [2019: Philip Torr]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2019-torr.md %})
+ [2020: Emanuele Trucco]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2020-trucco.md %})
+ [2021: Richard Bowden]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2021-bowden.md %})
+ [2022: Alison Noble]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2022-noble.md %})
+ [2023: Andrew Davison]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2023-davison.md %})

### Nominations

Nominations for the award, with a few lines of rationale, may be sent by email
to the BMVA Chair ([chair@bmva.org](mailto:chair@bmva.org)) at any
time. The fellowship committee typically deliberates in October, and all
outstanding nominations are considered at that time.

Commit message:

Updated the BMVA fellowship form.

information/fellowship.md, after:

---
layout: default_sparse
title: Distinguished Fellowship
permalink: /information/fellowship
---

## BMVA Distinguished Fellowship

The BMVA Distinguished Fellowship is awarded to one person each year in
recognition of their services to the British machine vision
community. The awardees are distinguished researchers, normally based in the UK, who
have contributed significantly to research in the field and service to
the British machine vision community, both nationally and internationally.

### Nomination Form
 
The BMVA welcome nominations for the annual award of the Distinguished Fellow of the BMVA.
 
This prestigious award has been awarded since 2000 to one person each year in recognition of their services to the British machine vision community. The awardees are distinguished researchers, normally based in the UK, who have contributed significantly to research in the field and service to the British machine vision community, both nationally and internationally. For a list of the current Fellows, please see [below]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link information/fellowship.md %}).
 
The nomination requires:
- A clear, factual, and brief summary of the nominee's technical achievements and impact
- A clear, factual, and brief summary of the nominee's service to the BMVA
- The nominee’s past awards and professional recognition 
 
Please submit this [Google Form](https://forms.gle/3Cb62btZVrH1G7F3A) to make a nomination.

### Distinguished Fellows

+ [2000: Michael Duff]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2000-duff.md %})
+ [2001: Michael Brady]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2001-brady.md %})
+ [2002: Josef Kittler]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2002-kittler.md %})
+ [2003: Chris Taylor]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2003-taylor.md %})
+ [2004: Andrew Blake]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2004-blake.md %})
+ [2005: Roy Davies]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2005-davies.md %})
+ [2006: Maria Petrou]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2006-petrou.md %})
+ [2007: Bill Adaway]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2007-adaway.md %})
+ [2008: Andrew Zisserman]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2008-zisserman.md %})
+ [2009: Bernard Buxton]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2009-buxton.md %})
+ [2010: Bob Fisher]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2010-fisher.md %})
+ [2011: David Hogg]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2011-hogg.md %})
+ [2012: John Illingworth]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2012-illingworth.md %})
+ [2013: Roberto Cipolla]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2013-cipolla.md %})
+ [2014: Tim Cootes]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2014-cootes.md %})
+ [2015: Mark Nixon]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2015-nixon.md %})
+ [2016: Edwin Hancock]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2016-hancock.md %})
+ [2017: Andrew Fitzgibbon]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2017-fitzgibbon.md %})
+ [2018: Majid Mirmehdi]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2018-mirmehdi.md %})
+ [2019: Philip Torr]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2019-torr.md %})
+ [2020: Emanuele Trucco]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2020-trucco.md %})
+ [2021: Richard Bowden]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2021-bowden.md %})
+ [2022: Alison Noble]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2022-noble.md %})
+ [2023: Andrew Davison]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link fellowship/2023-davison.md %})

<!-- ### Nominations

Nominations for the award, with a few lines of rationale, may be sent by email
to the BMVA Chair ([chair@bmva.org](mailto:chair@bmva.org)) at any
time. The fellowship committee typically deliberates in October, and all
outstanding nominations are considered at that time. -->
